feat: small build docs refactor and adding build getting started (#16542)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/versioned_docs/version-v1.2.0/developers/getting_started.md

* Docker
* `aztec-up` - install by running
```sh
bash -i <(curl -s https://install.aztec.network)
```
* Node.js (minimum version 22)

For easier development, install the Noir extension/LSP for VSCode ([download](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=noir-lang.vscode-noir)).

Once the prerequisites are met, run this command to install the Aztec toolchain:

`aztec-up #include_version_without_prefix`

(optional) To set up the LSP for Aztec programming, go to the Noir extension settings in VSCode and under `Noir: Nargo Path` set this value to the location of `aztec-nargo` installed in the command above (this should be in `~/.aztec/bin/aztec-nargo`). `aztec-nargo` is the Noir build tool pinned at a version bundled with each Aztec release to ensure compatibility.

### Project setup and structure

Clone the [`aztec-examples` repository](https://github.com/AztecProtocol/aztec-examples) and navigate to the `starter-token/start-here` folder. The contents of this folder illustrate project structure and serve as a reference for this tutorial.

This tutorial uses both Aztec.nr and Aztec.js to write code that interacts with the network.

#### Aztec.nr

> The framework for writing Aztec contracts in Noir. Noir is a chain-agnostic Domain Specific Language (DSL) for writing zero-knowledge proofs; Aztec.nr is a package that enables Noir to interact with the Aztec protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aztec.nr is the smart contract framework for building private applications on Aztec using Noir. Noir is a Rust-inspired DSL for writing zero-knowledge proofs; Aztec.nr extends it with Aztec-specific libraries for state management, privacy primitives, and protocol interactions.
```

Would something like this make more sense?

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, have applied !

Key `Aztec.nr` goals:
* Provide rails that help you implement best practices

> * Make unsafe operations clear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
At this point, the user is completely unaware of what a "unsafe operation" probably is. Also, is that Aztec.nr's key goal?

Author: Have refactored this a bit !

### Writing the Contract

## Building the Contract

In this section you will build a token contract with both public and private functionality on Aztec. You'll start with a basic public token (similar to an ERC-20), then add private state and functions, implement cross-domain interactions between private and public execution, and finally explore the composability of Aztec contracts through cross-contract interactions.

The token contract used in this tutorial has two basic operations: mint and transfer in both public and private. Only designated owners can mint, while anyone with a sufficient balance can transfer.

Please make sure to import any missing definitions as you come across them when following along with this tutorial. The imports and code snippets shared are assumed to be placed directly inside the contract struct, like so.

```noir
pub contract StarterToken {
    use aztec::{
        state_vars::{private_set::PrivateSet, public_mutable::PublicMutable, map::Map},

>     ...<continues>

Reviewer: I think we can make this a little bit more clear 🥺 🙏🏼

Author: Have added a bit more explanation !
